# online-food-app-kotlin
Food ordering App offers following features:  A feature rich food ordering app that makes user sign in / register with zero trouble.  Splash screen with brand logo Login / Register with Email or Facebook Easy swipe navigation with brand logo SMS / Call mobile number authentication 3D touch and touch ID integration User side :  User can download apps from Google Play or iTunes app store and can search different restaurants based on the type of food, zip, location, device location, Restaurant name, etc. Based on the search, the results of all restaurants as per the search term gets populated in list view or map view. User can browse the map or list to see all restaurants. Users can also browse only offers if they want to see. User can open particular restaurants to see all details of restaurant like name, logo, images, address, different other food lover reviews, and all menus uploaded by the restaurant. User can select items from menus and can add them into the cart with quantity, toppings and other preference data. User can use different restaurants to order different items and later can place final order with direct online payment option, pick up deliver or pay when delivered options. After placing order, user will get real time email confirmation of the order and update about delivery time it will require to deliver the food from different restaurants. At the end, the user can give reviews and ratings of the food received from the restaurant. Users can see their past order from my orders list and can reorder those by just 2, 3 clicks. User can make different restaurants as favorite and can browse my favorites list anytime for quick orders.
